before release: 

Unicornscan Wish list:
1. check boxes on search results
   a) ability to "select all" (ie check all boxes) after narrowing down the search
     i) ability to delete selected results
    ii) ability to select port:ip combinations for use in findings database
2. better search capabilities
3. ability to add notes to individual items
4. ability to manually add/modify banner information
5. case insensitive banner searching

tester flag for non brain dead terms
icmp scanning (no problem, itll be easy)?
pause and resume (pcap file stuff) (no changing things like sending ip and expecting it to be accurate anymore... obviously)
replay from pcap file fixes
ttl scans (flag for starting ttl to make it faster)
log how much done, with estimate of time left
close modules in places where they are not needed (audit this, fd leaks)
multiple source spoofing (decoys too)
scan module for tcp seq and ipid predictability
frag scanning, with multiple ways to frag (there are some larger changes that need to happen first however...)
compile and work on the following systems:
 b) OS's: FreeBSD / NetBSD / Linux / Darwin / solaris
 d) cpus: ppc / sparc / pentium

later on:
port knocking stuff
shroud detection (tcp options, delay, DF, etc...)

auto rate scanning (-a for finding out what seems to be a good rate to use, then display it and quit)
"it would be a REALLY killer feature to have a -l "logistics and controls" option"
"that would start slower and and work it's way up until the replies got really bad"
"like. have it have a user specified "control" site"
"and when you could no longer reach the control site, you knew you needed to back it off."
"then have it report the max pps rate to specify to not kill yourself"
"and have that be a conservative number

idle scanning is totally gone, make work
ip scanning? (payloads...)
display on different host
scriptable scanning support
# this stuff is LOW prio...
fix strength of tcp syn cookies...
protocol parsing to correctly label tftp for example
